radar/2019-01-01/virtual-augmented-mixed-reality.md, before:

---
title:      "Virtual/Augmented/Mixed Reality"
ring:       productize
quadrant:   ui-and-devices

---

## State Januar 2019 ##

A new network cell called **ImmersiveNow** showed up and took over.
The cell got budget for a VR lab. It is located in building 6.1.
The **ImmersiveNow team** bought hardware to be able to experiment with it.
* Oculus Go
* Hololens
* Zeiss VR One
* Samsung VR gear

The team implemented the following apps:
* **Memory cards app**   
Memory cards app is running on Hololens. The team also refactored it, so it can ran on smartphones (Android and iOS).   
A new backend is created to support more topics than the existing presidents and planets.
* **Lampenfieber app**   
The app is being created by the partner medialesson. The ImmersiveNow team will maintain it.

The memory cards app is already used in Haufe akademie seminars.   
Lampenfieber app will be finished in December 2018 or Januar 2019. It will be used in Haufe akademie seminars.

Commit message:

Added AKA video to vr topic

radar/2019-01-01/virtual-augmented-mixed-reality.md, after:

---
title:      "Virtual/Augmented/Mixed Reality"
ring:       productize
quadrant:   ui-and-devices

---

## State Januar 2019 ##

A new network cell called **ImmersiveNow** showed up and took over.
The cell got budget for a VR lab. It is located in building 6.1.
The **ImmersiveNow team** bought hardware to be able to experiment with it.
* Oculus Go
* Hololens
* Zeiss VR One
* Samsung VR gear

The team implemented the following apps:
* **Memory cards app**   
Memory cards app is running on Hololens. The team also refactored it, so it can ran on smartphones (Android and iOS).   
A new backend is created to support more topics than the existing presidents and planets.
* **Lampenfieber app**   
The app is being created by the partner medialesson. The ImmersiveNow team will maintain it.

The memory cards app is already used in Haufe akademie seminars like [Mit Speed Reading und mega memory® Gedächtnistraining die Infoflut meistern](https://www.haufe-akademie.de/1932).   

Watch the video to see what attendee think about it.   
[![Watch the video](https://www.haufe-akademie.de/downloads_shop/images/70101.jpg)](https://youtu.be/fYj2UM0PeNk) 

Lampenfieber app will be finished in Januar 2019. It will be used in Haufe akademie seminars.
