radar/2017-11-01/partner-platform.md, before:

---
title:      "Partner Platform"
ring:       productize
quadrant:   platforms-and-partners

---

![state](./../assets/images/item_state_under_construction.png)

## Why? ##

The business needs of our customers are wide-spread. There is no chance to fulfill all of their needs with our own standard applications.
It is increasingly required that our applications are extensible and can interoperate with partner applications.
Business workflows and processes are complex and are often spread over multiple applications, including systems and solutions we do not offer ourselves.
Customers want to decide for themselves which application they want to use for a specific functionality.
Haufe Group follows the strategy to work together with partners to offer better and new solutions.

To support automated and integrated processes, applications must have APIs.

## Technology choices/solutions ##

List our preferred solutions. It's not necessary or a goal to list all possible solutions. Focus on what we use.

## Our projects ##

List of projects and activities. It's also a good idea to name the contact information for the activity.
This section is very important cause it documents at what level we are, regarding the usage and experience with the technolgy.

## Contact ##

Name the main contact persons or unit.
Use <email@domain.com> for mail contact infos

Commit message:

first real version of partner-paltform

radar/2017-11-01/partner-platform.md, after:

---
title:      "Partner Platform"
ring:       productize
quadrant:   platforms-and-partners

---

## Why? ##

The business needs of our customers are wide-spread. There is no chance to fulfill all of their needs with our own standard applications.
It is increasingly required that our applications are extensible and can interoperate with partner applications.
Business workflows and processes are complex and are often spread over multiple applications, including systems and solutions we do not offer ourselves.
Customers want to decide for themselves which application they want to use for a specific functionality.
Haufe Group follows the strategy to work together with partners to offer better and new solutions.

To support automated and integrated processes, applications must offer APIs. A market place for partner solutions is recommended.

## Our projects ##

- [lexoffice Addons & Extensions:](https://www.lexoffice.de/partner/) lexoffice is continuously working on a Partner-Ecosystem. It´s based on a REST API and OAuth2.   
Contact: <michael.oeztuerk@haufe-lexware.com>, <frank.steinberg@haufe-lexware.com>
- [lexbizz](https://www.lexbizz.de/) offers a [partner program](https://lexbizz.haufe-lexware.com/partnerprogramm/)
